Move conformal maps to library (#48)
jeremylt/LFAToolkit.jl: docs/src/public/basis.md

The finite element basis objects represent the discretization of the problem.

There are convenience constructors for H1 tensor product bases on uniformly spaced, Gauss-Lobatto, or Gauss-Legendre points with Gauss-Lobatto or Gauss-Legendre quadrature.

> There are also nonpolynomial bases available derived from conformal maps such as sausagetransformation, koslofftalezertransformation and the haletrefethenstriptransformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also nonpolynomial bases available derived from conformal maps such as `sausagetransformation`, `koslofftalezertransformation`, and `haletrefethenstriptransformation`.
```

The finite element basis objects represent the discretization of the problem.

There are convenience constructors for H1 tensor product bases on uniformly spaced, Gauss-Lobatto, or Gauss-Legendre points with Gauss-Lobatto or Gauss-Legendre quadrature.

> There are also nonpolynomial bases available derived from conformal maps such as sausage map, Kosloff and Tal-Ezer map and the Hale and Trefethen strip transformation 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also nonpolynomial bases available derived from conformal mappings applied to the bases on the Gauss-Lobatto points.
These mappings include the sausage map, Kosloff and Tal-Ezer map, and the Hale and Trefethen strip transformation.
```
